 0. _putchar mandatory

Write a program that prints Holberton, followed by a new line.
1. I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game mandatory

Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

    Prototype: void print_alphabet(void);
    You can only use _putchar twice in your code
#include "holberton.h"

2. 10 x alphabet mandatory

Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

3. Islower
Write a function that checks for lowercase character.
prototype: int_islower(int c);
Returns 1 if c is lowercase
Returns 0 otherwise

4. isalpha mandatory

Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.

5. Sign mandatory

Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
#include "holberton.h"
6. There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you mandatory

Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
#include "holberton.h"
#include <stdio.h>
7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important mandatory
Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.
prototype: int print_last_digit(int);
Returns the value of the last digit
#include "holberton.h"
8. I'm federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life mandatory

Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
#include "holberton.h"
9. Learn your times table mandatory

Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
#include "holberton.h"
10. a + b mandatory

Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
#include "holberton.h"
#include <stdio.h>
11. Holberton School, 98 Battery Street, the OG mandatory
julien@ubuntu:~/0x02$ cat 11-main.c
#include "holberton.h"
12. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself #advanced

Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.
#include "holberton.h"
13. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women #advanced

If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.

    You are allowed to use the standard library
14. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A #advanced

Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

    The numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space , 
    You are allowed to use the standard library
15. Even Liber Abbaci #advanced

Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

    You are allowed to use the standard library
16. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A+ #advanced

Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

    The numbers should be separated by comma, followed by a space ,
    You are allowed to use the standard library
    You are not allowed to use any other library (You can’t use GMP etc…)
    You are not allowed to use long long, malloc, pointers, arrays/tables, or structures
    You are not allowed to hard code any Fibonacci number (except for 1 and 2)
